Fix the Deleting Audit Records procedure (#2738)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_deleting-audit-records-automatically.adoc

[id="Deleting_Audit_Records_Automatically_{context}"]
= Deleting audit records automatically

You can automatically delete audits using the `Saved audits interval` setting.
This setting is empty by default, meaning {Project} does not automatically delete audits.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings*.
. On the *General* tab, find the *Saved audits interval* setting.

> . Set the value of the setting to the number of days after which you want {Project} to delete the audits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the value of the setting to the number of days after which you want {Project} to delete the audit records.
```

Author: Applied, thank you.

[id="Deleting_Audit_Records_Automatically_{context}"]
= Deleting audit records automatically

You can automatically delete audits using the `Saved audits interval` setting.

> This setting is empty by default, meaning audits are being automatically deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setting is empty by default, meaning audits are not being automatically deleted.
```

Author: Applied.
